Behind me is the last surviving toll road from London
on a private road through Dulwich College
At the beginning of the nineteenth euw
Almost all roads in London were toll roads
And not just London, there were hundreds of toll roads across the country
Companies had a government-approved monopoly on specific pieces of road.
They kept the road in a reasonable state,
at least in the standard of that time
and in exchange they could ask for a toll.
But traveling through the country meant a toll
dozens of maybe corrupt companies had to pay in your trip.
Even by going to London you would encounter your toll road after toll road after toll road.
The Turnpike Trusts did some good: with the money they paid a reasonable road network.
But they were not loved: before the toll roads came the roads,
although they were often bumpy and difficult to travel on, free of charge.
So there were complaints, and occasional strikes, but the toll roads remained.
But then the railways came.
Suddenly everyone could pay toll roads
also pay a faster and more comfortable option.
So both man and freight moved to the track
The Turnpike Trusts fell apart,
municipalities took over all roads,
and by the time there were highways,
it was already recognized that tax was collected by the government
who used that tax money to build new roads.
But what if history had been slightly different?
Where would we be if all roads were still private,
if every major route had a toll that did not go to the government,
such as the Congestion Charge or contemporary American toll roads,
but to the private institution that manages it?
As every time you drove on the Westway of London,
you had to pay £ 5 to Westway Corporation, sponsored by McDonalds?
Well, actually, uh, we are in France.
Most French car routes, the highways here,
are in the possession of private institutions, which collect tolls as before.
You do not have to go to some bizarre alternative reality full of zeppelins to find toll gates -
there are always zeppelins in alternative realities -
all you have to do is cross the Channel. [Translation: Spider3]